Add a note for default probes on Consumption V2 (#121373)
Azure/azure-content: articles/container-apps/health-probes.md

If ingress is enabled, the following default probes are automatically added to the main app container if none is defined for each type.

> Please note that default probes are currently **not** applied on Workload Profile envirnoments when using the Consumption plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Default probes are not applied on workload profile environments when using the Consumption plan.
```

If ingress is enabled, the following default probes are automatically added to the main app container if none is defined for each type.

> [!NOTE]

> > Default probes are not applied on workload profile environments when using the Consumption plan.

Author: ```suggestion
> Default probes are currently not applied on workload profile environments when using the Consumption plan. This behavior may change in the future.
```
